subtitle: "Of course there's more than one!"
background_image: /assets/andrew-haimerl-381931.jpg
title: Another One!
id: fee4f48d-da45-4a09-8fdb-3c55b44bfbc2
story:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <h2>A sub heading which is not as important as the second, but should be used with consideration</h2>
      <p>
      Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.
      When you have an itch to scratch that you can’t reach natively (talking about features here), you’ve always able to extend Statamic by creating an addon.</p><p>However, creating a whole addon, with all of it’s naming requirements and whatnot just to write (for example) 3 lines of PHP can be annoying and time consuming. With site helpers, you can just drop your code into a single file and call it a day.</p><p>With the Marketplace launch rapidly approaching, we are encouraging developers to treat addons as packages you may want to distribute. For single-site specific code, just use a helper. It’s quicker and cleaner, even if it does remind you of that one blogging-platform-you-swear-you’ll-never-use-again’s <em>functions.php</em> file.</p>
  -
    type: image
    size: xl
    image: /assets/chuttersnap-297553.jpg
  -
    type: text
    text: "<p>Later that day I climbed this cliff face for a shot of the sunset and got stuck up there overnight. The medicine man appeared again, smelling even funnier than before. He told me I was destined for grape things. I was confused. And then he disappeared. Grape things?</p><blockquote>You are destined for grape things.</blockquote><p>I woke to a hot air balloon over my head. They swooped down and asked if I wanted a lift. When presented with adventure, you just say yes. That's my motto. And up I went. I don't remember anything else.</p>"
  -
    type: video
    video: https://vimeo.com/249226357
  -
    type: two_col
    col_one: >
      But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing of a pleasure and praising pain
      was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of
      the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or
      avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue
      pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who
      loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but occasionally
      circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial
      example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage
      from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no
      annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?
    col_two: 'On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammeled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.'
topics:
  - bard
  - writing
